and Abraham journeyed from there to the
and Abraham journeyed from there to the South and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur
South and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur
South and dwelt between Kadesh and Shur and stayed in Kira now Abraham said of
and stayed in Kira now Abraham said of
and stayed in Kira now Abraham said of Sarah his wife she is my sister
Sarah his wife she is my sister
Sarah his wife she is my sister and Abimelech king of gira sent and took
and Abimelech king of gira sent and took
and Abimelech king of gira sent and took Sarah but God came to Abimelech in a
Sarah but God came to Abimelech in a
Sarah but God came to Abimelech in a dream by night and said to him indeed
dream by night and said to him indeed
dream by night and said to him indeed you are a dead man because of the woman
you are a dead man because of the woman
you are a dead man because of the woman whom you have taken for she is a man's
whom you have taken for she is a man's
whom you have taken for she is a man's wife but Abimelech had not come near and
wife but Abimelech had not come near and
wife but Abimelech had not come near and he said lord will you slay a righteous
he said lord will you slay a righteous
he said lord will you slay a righteous nation also did he not say to me she is
nation also did he not say to me she is
nation also did he not say to me she is my sister and she even she herself said
my sister and she even she herself said
my sister and she even she herself said he is my brother in the integrity of my
he is my brother in the integrity of my
he is my brother in the integrity of my heart and innocence of my hands
heart and innocence of my hands
heart and innocence of my hands I have done this and God said to him in
I have done this and God said to him in
I have done this and God said to him in a dream yes I know that you did this in
a dream yes I know that you did this in
a dream yes I know that you did this in the integrity of your heart for I also
the integrity of your heart for I also
the integrity of your heart for I also withheld you from sinning against me
withheld you from sinning against me
withheld you from sinning against me therefore I did not let you touch her
therefore I did not let you touch her
therefore I did not let you touch her now therefore restore the man's wife for
now therefore restore the man's wife for
now therefore restore the man's wife for he is a prophet and he will pray for you
he is a prophet and he will pray for you
he is a prophet and he will pray for you and you shall live but if you do not
and you shall live but if you do not
and you shall live but if you do not restore her know that you shall surely
restore her know that you shall surely
restore her know that you shall surely die you and all who are yours
so abemolik rose early in the morning
so abemolik rose early in the morning called all his servants and told all
called all his servants and told all
called all his servants and told all these things in their head and the men
these things in their head and the men
these things in their head and the men were very much afraid and Abimelech
were very much afraid and Abimelech
were very much afraid and Abimelech called Abraham and said to him what have
called Abraham and said to him what have
called Abraham and said to him what have you done to us how have I offended you
you done to us how have I offended you
you done to us how have I offended you that you have brought on me and on my
that you have brought on me and on my
that you have brought on me and on my kingdom a great sin you have done deeds
kingdom a great sin you have done deeds
kingdom a great sin you have done deeds to me that are not to be done what did
to me that are not to be done what did
to me that are not to be done what did you have in view that you have done this
you have in view that you have done this
you have in view that you have done this thing because I thought surely the fear
thing because I thought surely the fear
thing because I thought surely the fear of God is not in this place and they
of God is not in this place and they
of God is not in this place and they will kill me on account of my wife but
will kill me on account of my wife but
will kill me on account of my wife but indeed she is truly my sister she is the
indeed she is truly my sister she is the
indeed she is truly my sister she is the daughter of my father but not the
daughter of my father but not the
daughter of my father but not the daughter of my mother and she became my
daughter of my mother and she became my
daughter of my mother and she became my wife
wife
wife and it came to pass when god caused me
and it came to pass when god caused me
and it came to pass when god caused me to wander from my father's house that I
to wander from my father's house that I
to wander from my father's house that I said to her this is your kindness that
said to her this is your kindness that
said to her this is your kindness that you should do for me in every place
you should do for me in every place
you should do for me in every place wherever we go say of me he is my
wherever we go say of me he is my
wherever we go say of me he is my brother
brother
brother then Abimelech took sheep oxen and male
then Abimelech took sheep oxen and male
then Abimelech took sheep oxen and male and female servants and gave them to
and female servants and gave them to
and female servants and gave them to Abraham and he restored Sarah his wife
Abraham and he restored Sarah his wife
Abraham and he restored Sarah his wife to him see my land is before you dwell
to him see my land is before you dwell
to him see my land is before you dwell where it pleases you then to Sarah he
where it pleases you then to Sarah he
where it pleases you then to Sarah he said behold I have given your brother a
said behold I have given your brother a
said behold I have given your brother a thousand pieces of silver
thousand pieces of silver
thousand pieces of silver indeed this vindicates you before all
indeed this vindicates you before all
indeed this vindicates you before all who are with you and before everybody
who are with you and before everybody
who are with you and before everybody thus she was rebuked so Abraham prayed
thus she was rebuked so Abraham prayed
thus she was rebuked so Abraham prayed to God and God healed Abimelech his wife
to God and God healed Abimelech his wife
to God and God healed Abimelech his wife and his female servants then they bore
and his female servants then they bore
and his female servants then they bore children for the Lord had closed up all
children for the Lord had closed up all
children for the Lord had closed up all the wounds of the house of Abimelech
the wounds of the house of Abimelech
the wounds of the house of Abimelech because of Sarah Abraham's wife
because of Sarah Abraham's wife
because of Sarah Abraham's wife [Music]